NOTE: AYAW BASAHA ANG MGA "(BLABALBSIPBIWE)" GUIDE NA NIMO......


SO this is our Website and its a shop thats all about Sports Wear.


This is our homepage, First you see a text here on the left side perhaps this is the title.
and a image on the right side.


You can see this Botton (explore now) with a beautiful hover effect


When you scroll down here you see 3 different pictures with different categories.


Next, we have some products which is for FEATURED PRODUCTS. and here you can see  different products 
with Product Name, Ratings, and prize.


You can see some hover effect when i take my cursor to any products (e tudlo imong mouse sa mga pictures)


When you scroll down you see more products


After that we have this section with exlusive product


Next, we have some ratings or testimonial


Below that you some popular brands, This are the brands who sponsored us (joke dini tinoud haha)


Below that we have footer or idk what to call this but we have this.
And at the very bottom you see a copyright message


Lets come back at the top, if you click on the other page for example you click this
 product page you will see all products


IF you scroll down you see multiple products. 


Currently we only have 12 posted products.


Lets comeback at the top and if you click 1 product for example this "red printed Tshirt" you
 will go to the product detail section


1st we scroll down so that you will find what contents we have on this page


In this Product information page you see some Product title, Prize,
 Size, Quantity, Add to cart botton, and product details on the right side.


On the left side you see images, and if you click on a particular images
 you will see the particular image in full size that you click


and after that we have a "Related Products" and "view more" texts then more products


Let me click on this botton "add to cart"


In this Page you will see Product, Quantity, And Subtotal. Below
you will see Subtotal, Tax, And total.



And as you can see on the product you have this remove botton so that you can
remove the product and next to it you have quantity and this input box
so that you can select how many of this product you will buy.



so lets proceed to home (click home sa taas) or you can click the logo to go
to the homepage.



so now lets go to the other page which is "Account". 


On this Account page you see this image on the background and the rightside
is a form where you can login and register.


And thats it for out website overview.























 